c:\users\office\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\QuotationManagement.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\office\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\QuotationManagement.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\office\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\bin\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.exe
c:\users\office\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\bin\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.pdb
c:\users\office\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\bin\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.xml
c:\users\office\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.AboutBoxApp.resources
c:\users\office\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.frmBase.resources
c:\users\office\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.frmMain.resources
c:\users\office\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.Resources.resources
c:\users\office\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.exe
c:\users\office\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.xml
c:\users\office\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.pdb
C:\Users\Office\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\bin\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.exe.config
C:\Users\Office\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.frmPelanggan.resources
C:\Users\Office\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.frmKaryawan.resources
C:\Users\Office\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.frmProyek.resources
C:\Users\Office\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.frmPenyedia.resources
C:\Users\Office\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.frmBarang.resources
C:\Users\Office\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\Office\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\Office\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.frmPenawaran1.resources
C:\Users\Office\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\obj\x86\Debug\SalesQuoteManagement.rptQSn.resources
C:\Users\Office\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OrderManagement\OrderManagement\bin\Debug\QuotationData.mdb
